Label the Error handling page, remove inconsistencies around quaranti… (#2691)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/database-administration/standard-databases/errors.adoc

:description: This section describes how to manage errors that you may encounter while managing databases.
:page-aliases: manage-databases/errors.adoc

> [role=enterprise-edition]

Author: ```suggestion
:page-role: enterprise-edition
```

> If you choose to clear the current cluster state, the server will try to join as a new member,

Author: ```suggestion
If you choose to clear the current cluster state, the database allocation will try to join as a new member,
```
